1.  We can use Fragments in 2 ways - <Fragment></Fragment> ( unnamed import from react library ), <></>

2.  Single component is an issue, we should break it into multiple components
    If the single component is having a state, so when the state changes all the components inside will rerender
    which can impact the performance.

3.  Any function starting with use is react is hook.
    useState must be called at top level, cannot be used inside normal function
    2 rule of Hooks -
        1. Only call hooks inside component functions.
        2. Only call hooks at top level, not in condition block or function block.

4. Props Concepts -
    1. Forwarded Props - using rest operator in Component argument
    2. Multiple Component Slots - JSX components can be passed as props, it should have 1 root element
    3. Element identifiers as Props
    4. Default prop values

5. use public folder to store public files for site such as images. use just file name to access public files. The public folder will surface
   to root of the sources.
   check data.jsx file to understand how static data is stored

6. Even if we create multiple instance of a single component, react will treat each of them as an independent component
    hence if state changes in one instance it will not affect the other instance of same component.

7. When updating a state based on the prev state, always pass a function in the setState method, this function 
    will have the oldstate as an argument. React behind the scene schedules the state update functions (setState), hence it
    is not triggering immediately and can happen after 1-2ms, hence callback is necessary.

8. listening to a change on input an feeding the output to the value of Input is called as Two way binding.

9. If state is array or object, do not mutate it directly rather create a copy and then update.
    newArray = oldArray ( This will only create a reference) (don't do)
    newArray = [...oldArray] (This will create a deep copy)

10. State Lifing - Creating the state in parent component and sending the setState and state to child through props

11. Manage as little state as possible by trying to derive data from exisiting state.